Now that was Script Injection.
Another potential problem could be
Malicious Third party Actions.
Therefore, it's important
that you are able to use Actions securely.
And of course,
you got various options
when it comes to using Actions.
To have the highest degree of security,
you should only use your own Actions.
If you write all your Actions yourself,
or in your organization,
you of course
know what those Actions will be doing,
and you know that they won't contain any compromised code.
But of course, that's also a considerable amount
of effort to write all Actions on your own.
And just to be clear,
the idea here is
that you might want to do that
because then you know that your Actions
won't do anything you don't want them to do,
because Actions can perform any logic you need,
as you learned earlier in the course.
And therefore an Action could of course
try to steal your secrets,
manipulate your code base,
start deleting issues or do anything else.
So if you write all your Actions on your own,
you know exactly what they're doing,
but it is a lot of work.
Therefore, you might strongly want to consider
to also use Actions by verified creators.
And that is what we did in this course.
When you visit the GitHub Marketplace for Actions,
you find tons of Actions there,
and many Actions are built by the community,
but you also find many Actions
that are built by verified creators,
and you can tell that an Action is by a verified creator
by this blue check mark
that can be seen after the creator name.
For example, this upload artifact Action here,
which we also used throughout this course,
is by a verified creator.
This actually is by a team,
by GitHub even,
but there also are non-GitHub teams
that are verified creators.
Now if an Action is by a verified creator,
that means that GitHub manually approved that creator
and gave that batch to the creator.
That of course, still does not give you
a 100% guarantee that the Action is secure,
after all the account or code base
could still get compromised,
but it of course does mean
that you generally can trust that creator,
and therefore also that Action.
But of course, you sometimes might also be facing
a problem that would be solved by an Action
that's not built by a verified creator
because anyone can build and publish Actions,
and not all creators are verified,
otherwise, this would be a meaningless batch.
And you could of course
consider using all public Actions,
because that gives you
access to Actions that solve all kinds of problems,
but it of course also means that
you have the lowest level of security
regarding the Actions you are using.
Because if you're using any public Action
by anyone who published an Action
to the GitHub Marketplace,
that Action could also be doing all kinds of things,
because GitHub does not monitor or validate Actions
when they're published to the Marketplace.
GitHub does not check or control such Actions.
Therefore, theoretically, Actions can be doing anything.
And if you are using an Action by someone who's not verified
and who you don't know, you might want to analyze the code
of that Action first before using it.
Because all these Actions,
no matter if they're by verified creators or not,
are in the end open source.
You can visit the GitHub Repository behind that Action
and dive into the Action code.
And that is something you might wanna do
to understand what this code does.
It is of course some work,
but it's absolutely something I can recommend doing,
especially when working with Actions
by people you don't know,
because that then allows you
to use more than just your own Actions,
and still have a relatively high level of security.